NMS-8567: PassiveStatusd Daemon Doc (#5164)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/reference/pages/daemons/introduction.adoc

[[ref-daemons]]
= Daemons

The {page-component-title} service is composed of several daemon "sub-services" that each perform a specific set of tasks.

> They can be enabled and disabled via `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/service-configuration.xml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable and disable them via `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/service-configuration.xml`.
```

| Description

| Ackd
| The acknowledge daemon is responsible for alarm acknowledgement.

| Actiond
| Generates Java actions based on received events.

| Alarmd
| The alarm daemon handles alarm workflows.

| AsteriskGateway
| Communicates with an Asterisk server for VOIP notification.

| Bsmd
| Processes updates of Business Service Monitoring availability.

| Collectd
| Collects data from nodes to persist performance metrics over time.

| Correlator
| Associates multiple related events.

| Discovery
| Provides network discovery functions to scan (either one time only or regularly) for nodes that should be added into the {page-component-title} database.

| EnLinkd
| The enhanced link daemon discovers connections between nodes using data generated by various link discovery protocols and accessible via SNMP.

| EventTranslator

> | The event translator (ET) can transform and enhance the data from {page-component-title} events that other daemons generate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The event translator can transform and enhance the data from {page-component-title} events that other daemons generate.
```

Reviewer: Thanks for adding this here!

| Handles Application Perspective Monitoring availability calculations.

| Pollerd
| The poller daemon is responsible for service availability monitoring.

| Provisiond
| The provision daemon handles the node import and service detection processes.

| Queued

> | The queued daemon handles scheduling of tasks to run in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The queue daemon handles scheduling of tasks to run in the future.
```

| Scriptd allows the user to configure Bean Shell script to run in response to events.

| SnmpPoller

> | Checks SNMP interface admin status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The SNMP poller checks SNMP interface admin status.
```

> Separate from pollerd's SnmpMonitor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is separate from pollerd's SnmpMonitor.
```

| The Telemetry daemon collects sensor data sent from nodes to {page-component-title}.

| Ticketer

> | The ticketing integration lets {page-component-title} create trouble tickets in external systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The ticketing integration daemon lets {page-component-title} create trouble tickets in external systems.
```

| Tl1d

> | Enables reception of TL1 autonomous messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The TL1 daemon enables reception of TL1 autonomous messages.
```

| Trapd
| The trap daemon provides an SNMP server that accepts SNMP traps that can be converted to events.

| Vacuumd

> | The vacuum daemon takes care of cleaning processes in the PostgreSQL database.

Reviewer: "takes care" ... does this mean "manages"?

Author: I would assume so. @mmahacek, would that be an accurate change?

Reviewer 2: Vacuumd runs a set of tasks on a scheduled interval (every 24hrs from service start by default).  I wouldn't consider it managing as there isn't much intelligence in deciding what to run each time.
```suggestion
| The vacuum daemon executes daily cleanup tasks for the PostgreSQL database.
```
